Added `Using new features` wiki page (#12)
DV8FromTheWorld/JDA-Website: docs/using-jda/using-new-features.md

# Using New Features

When contributors are making new features, like introducing modals, 
you might be interested in trying out or testing these features before they get released.

## Using [JitPack](https://jitpack.io)

Using JitPack, you can get a build of any fork of JDA, on any branch, on any commit.
It is still highly recommended that you use a build tool such as [Gradle](https://gradle.org) or [Maven](https://maven.apache.org).

### Getting the Necessary Info

Let's take the [PR for the Discord modals](https://github.com/DV8FromTheWorld/JDA/pull/2024) as an example.

![img.png](../assets/images/github_pr.png){width="720"}

You will need the author's name, which here is `xirado`.

### Getting the Latest Version

Next, head to the `Commits` tab.

![img.png](../assets/images/github_pr_commits_tab.png){width="720"}

You can now scroll down to the bottom, as to find the latest **commit hash**.  It should look like this:

![img.png](../assets/images/github_pr_latest_commit.png){width="720"}

> Here you can see the 7 first chars of the latest commit are `36eea2a`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here you can see the 7 first characters of the latest commit are `36eea2a`.
```

### Putting It Together

So far we have:

* PR author name: `xirado`

> * Version (7 char commit hash): `36eea2a`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Version (7 character commit hash): `36eea2a`
```

> You can now add the dependency to your favorite build tool, but before that, you will have to remove your current JDA dependency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now add the dependency to your project using your favorite build tool, but don't forget to remove your current JDA dependency first.
```

# Using New Features

When contributors are making new features, like introducing modals, 
you might be interested in trying out or testing these features before they get released.

## Using [JitPack](https://jitpack.io)

Using JitPack, you can get a build of any fork of JDA, on any branch, on any commit.
It is still highly recommended that you use a build tool such as [Gradle](https://gradle.org) or [Maven](https://maven.apache.org)

### Getting the Necessary Info

Let's take the [PR for the Discord modals](https://github.com/DV8FromTheWorld/JDA/pull/2024) as an example

![img.png](../assets/images/github_pr.png){width="720"}

> Here the important part is `from Xirado:feature/modals`, you need to extract the PR author, which here is `xirado`

Reviewer 2: This sentence doesn't seem to make much sense.  I think it is fine to just say something like "You need the author's name, which here is \`Xirado\`."

### Getting the Latest Version

> You then want to go in the `Commits` tab

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Next, head to the `Commits` tab.
```

![img.png](../assets/images/github_pr_commits_tab.png){width="720"}

> You can now scroll down to the bottom, as to find the latest **commit hash**, it would look like this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can now scroll down to the bottom, as to find the latest **commit hash**.  It should look like this:
```

![img.png](../assets/images/github_pr_latest_commit.png){width="720"}

Here you can see the 7 first chars of the latest commit are `36eea2a`

### Putting It Together

So far we have:

* PR author name: `xirado`
* Version (7 char commit hash): `36eea2a`

You can now add the dependency to your favorite build tool, but before that you will have to remove your current JDA dependency

> === "Maven"

Reviewer 2: Elsewhere in the wiki, Gradle has come before Maven.  This is probably something we should standardise.

> # Using new features

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Using New Features
```

> When contributors are making new features, for example, introducing modals, 
> you might be interested in trying these features before they get released and/or test them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When contributors are making new features, like introducing modals, 
you might be interested in trying out or testing these features before they get released.
```

## Using [JitPack](https://jitpack.io)

Using JitPack, you can get a build of any fork of JDA, on any branch, on any commit.

> Of course, it is highly recommended that you use a build tool such as [Gradle](https://gradle.org) or [Maven](https://maven.apache.org)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is still highly recommended that you use a build tool such as [Gradle](https://gradle.org) or [Maven](https://maven.apache.org)
```

> ### Getting the necessary info

Reviewer 2: Please capitalise these headings

Let's take the [PR for the Discord modals](https://github.com/DV8FromTheWorld/JDA/pull/2024) as an example

![img.png](../assets/images/github_pr.png){width="720"}

Here the important part is `from Xirado:feature/modals`

* `Xirado` is the owner of the repository
* `feature/modals` is the branch name of the PR

### Going to JitPack

You then want to go to the [JitPack website](https://jitpack.io/) and enter `OwnerName/RepositoryName`, which here it would be `xirado/JDA` (Owner name on JitPack is case-insensitive)

![img.png](../assets/images/jitpack_enter_repo.png){width="480"}

Upon clicking `Look up`, you'll see something like this appear

![img.png](../assets/images/jitpack_selected_repo.png){width="480"}

You have to then click the arrow, and select the branch you want, here we'll choose the `feature/modals` branch, you should have something like that

![img.png](../assets/images/jitpack_selected_branch.png){width="480"}

You can then pick the version that's second from top to bottom, so here it would be `ef20a4069e`, this is the **commit hash**

### Putting it together

> So far we got:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
So far we have:
```
